oh my god i am flying so I right up
or if he comes up I'm just gonna blast
him you're scared now yeah oh it doesn't
know what Shannon felt like this on a
dress I got next week oh I need to catch
up on my cookie always getting shot at
by a teammate always so far tonight Mary
is so fucked right now oh here garraway
garraway stand at the top come here come
here come here come here quick come here
hurry oh god here shoot it shoot it yes
no I throw a grenade at the sea for
blowing up that was awkward that's dr.
Gideon at it he's like what the fuck
trying hard as possible
what the fuck is it the conduct was that
all about
beautiful name ever isn't funny oh yeah
I'll engineer Micucci
you look so fucking creepy right good
ever okay motherfucker
holy shit oh my god oh fuck out of me I
was just looking 90 degree angles up
shooting at a enemy I till 10 right
fucking sweet and all but I guy turns
around get the knife in the back no if I
time didn't happen